# World-Data-Interactive-Graph
Here I share my work with interactive graph making with Bokeh in python. This notebook comes as a result of taking the Datacamp course Interactive Graphs with Bokeh. I take no ownership of their material, and acknowledge the data and guidence to start my result. I use data from Gapminder, shared by the course, and reengineered by myself in previous courses to be in the format it is shared here. I include two files, one of the data file in csv format and the other a Jupyter notebook. I take advantage of the Pandas and Bokeh libraries in Python.

This work takes their course one step further, and harnesses the power of the Bokeh library in Jupyter notebooks (my favorite place to practice). Upon updating my notebook with the opropriate calls to run Bokeh and have interactive graphs in the notebook I take the goals of the actual graph further than the coarse. It is completely interactive with such features as: hover tip to show country names, axes data selection tools for x and y axes, slider function to change data's year information, and my personal work to add an input box that takes a country name as text input and highlights the data point associated with it. Other touches I added on top of the course instructions were to update figure axes labels to be informative and complete upon reviewing how Gapminder records data. Please do not distribute this with out acknowledgement to both Datacamp and myself (I have no association to their business, only the work I created here). 
